README.md, before:

# Smoke-ui-tests

---------------------------

### Jmix add-ons smoke ui-tests project

Based on [Sample Sales project](https://github.com/jmix-projects/sample-sales-jmix)

---------------------------

### Instructions for Apache Directory Studio installing if it has not been installed yet
1. Download [here](http://directory.apache.org/studio/) and install Apache Directory Studio
2. Run Apache Directory Studio (ApacheDirectoryStudio.exe on Windows or ApacheDirectoryStudio on Linux)
3. Create new server using LDAP Servers tab:
4. Choose server type ApacheDS 2.0.0 and set server name -> Click Finish:
5. Invoke a server's context menu -> Choose Create connection:
6. Select server -> Run
7. Switch to Connections tab -> Invoke created connection's context menu -> Open connection:
8. Invoke context menu of tree item *dc=example, dc=com* -> New -> New Entry
9. Create entry from stratch -> Next
10. Choose object class 'inetOrgPerson' -> Add -> Next
11. In RDN combobox select *cn* -> set any name to the text unput(**ldapuser** e.g.) -> Next
12. Set the same value to the **sn** field -> Finish
13. Invoke context menu from **sn** attribute -> New attribute
14. In Attribute type combobox select *userPassword* -> Next
15. Set password and password confirmation (please use any complicated value, like *11passwd11*)
16. Switch to Connections tab -> New connection
17. Set any name to Connection name field
18. In Hostname combobox select *localhost*
19. In Hostname combobox select *10389* -> Next
20. In Hostname Bind DN or user  select *cn=ldapuser, dc=example, dc=com* (*ldapuser* is created user name)
21. Set password to Bind password field -> Finish
22. Switch to LDAP Servers -> Click two times to created server
23. Deactivate Allow Anonymous Access checkbox -> press Ctrl + S
24. Set to **application.properties** created username and password


### Instructions for Apache Directory Studio running
1. Run Apache Directory Studio
2. Select server -> Run
3. Switch to Connections tab -> Select connection with custom name -> Open connection
4. Set to **application.properties** used username and password

Commit message:

Add test for LDAP using the server. The properties and two types of LDAP testing are combined. Updated Readme.md

README.md, after:

# Smoke-ui-tests

---------------------------

### Jmix add-ons smoke ui-tests project

Based on [Sample Sales project](https://github.com/jmix-projects/sample-sales-jmix)

---------------------------
### To verify LDAP, the external server parameters are used by default
If checking via an external server does not work:
1. Open **application.properties**
2. Uncomment block `LDAP for local server settings`
3. Comment out block `LDAP for external server settings`
4. Set to **LDAPSmokeUITest.groovy** value `isLocalServer = true`.
5. Follow the instructions below

### Instructions for Apache Directory Studio installing if it has not been installed yet
1. Download [here](http://directory.apache.org/studio/) and install Apache Directory Studio
2. Run Apache Directory Studio (ApacheDirectoryStudio.exe on Windows or ApacheDirectoryStudio on Linux)
3. Create new server using LDAP Servers tab:
4. Choose server type ApacheDS 2.0.0 and set server name -> Click Finish:
5. Invoke a server's context menu -> Choose Create connection:
6. Select server -> Run
7. Switch to Connections tab -> Invoke created connection's context menu -> Open connection:
8. Invoke context menu of tree item *dc=example, dc=com* -> New -> New Entry
9. Create entry from stratch -> Next
10. Choose object class 'inetOrgPerson' -> Add -> Next
11. In RDN combobox select *cn* -> set any name to the text unput(**ldapuser** e.g.) -> Next
12. Set the same value to the **sn** field -> Finish
13. Invoke context menu from **sn** attribute -> New attribute
14. In Attribute type combobox select *userPassword* -> Next
15. Set password and password confirmation (please use any complicated value, like *11passwd11*)
16. Switch to Connections tab -> New connection
17. Set any name to Connection name field
18. In Hostname combobox select *localhost*
19. In Hostname combobox select *10389* -> Next
20. In Hostname Bind DN or user  select *cn=ldapuser, dc=example, dc=com* (*ldapuser* is created user name)
21. Set password to Bind password field -> Finish
22. Switch to LDAP Servers -> Click two times to created server
23. Deactivate Allow Anonymous Access checkbox -> press Ctrl + S
24. Set to **application.properties** created username and password


### Instructions for Apache Directory Studio running
1. Run Apache Directory Studio
2. Select server -> Run
3. Switch to Connections tab -> Select connection with custom name -> Open connection
4. Set to **application.properties** used username and password
